Add CLA files and instructions for contributing to Creusot (#578)
xldenis/creusot: CONTRIBUTING.md

> We thank you, contributor, for working for improving the Creusot tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We thank you, contributor, for working to improve the Creusot tool
```
